Finn: Finn to Prubs, come in, Prubs.
Princess Bubblegum: [on holo-pendant] Hey, Finn! How's the mission going?
Finn: So far, no sign of the Bird Man. Why's this guy so dangerous?
Princess Bubblegum: Some say he's a half-man, half-bird that poops fire while he flies. It's all rumors so far. That's why I need you and Jake to find out everything you can about him and report back to me.
Finn: Where are you?
Princess Bubblegum: Under the sea. The mermaids are trying to beach themselves. I came to see why. Turns out they're just lonely. [laughs]
Finn: Maybe I'll go hang out with them after this biz.
Princess Bubblegum: Sounds great, Finn.
Finn: Okay. Bye, PB.
Princess Bubblegum: Bye!
Jake: C'mon, let's go look for that creep!
Finn: Whoa.
Finn: [coughs] Huh? Where am I?
Xergiok: This is the rookery, where I and my bird friends dwell!
Finn: So are you, like, the Great Bird Man?
Xergiok: That's what they call me nowadays. But when I first met you, Finn, and you, Jake, you knew me as [suddenly, Xergiok's voice rises in pitch] Xergiok, the Goblin King!
Finn and Jake: Whaaa?!
Xergiok: When we first met, I was crazy for smacking goblin hams. I was cruel, selfish, brutal. But every thing changed after I was defeated by the two of you!
Jake: So, you got some sleek new shades, and now everything's different?
Xergiok: Oh, no, my change has been deep. And these whatsits are only curtains for empty windows.
Finn: Whoa. What happened there?
Xergiok: I miffed off a wizard, and he took my eyes. [His eyes are seen attached to his beard.] I wonder what he wanted them forsome kind of lotion... or potion... or time-traveling spell. I'll never know. Never, ever, never. But losing my eyesight was only the beginning of my wonderful change! I started meditating and doing yoga. Now I can "see" with my heart and smell with my soul.
Jake: You smell with your beard?
Xergiok: I smell with my nose!
Jake: Lame.
Xergiok: Om.
Finn: What are you doing?
Xergiok: Oh, Taffy! You heard my call! [Xergiok hugs the bird's snout.] Climb aboard, boys. [We see Xergiok on the back of the bird.] Taffy will take us to the lower level, and you can have a bite to eat!
Finn: Oh, uh, me and Jake will follow you. Jake needs to stretch out and stuff.
Xergiok: Okay, great! Well, follow me!
Finn: It's crazy, right?! The way dude's eyeballs are just hangin' there.
Jake: I know! I almost told him 'cause it was driving me nuts!
Finn: Yeah, me too!
Jake: Do you think he's got evil intentions behind his reborn star-child act?
Finn: I don't know. But if he does, I'm gonna find out.
Jake: Yeah, me too.
Xergiok: Nice and cool down here, isn't it? A-ha! Listen to the babies! Num-num time!
Jake: Aw, hey, that's cute.
Xergiok: [off-screen:] There you go, little ones. Suckle, suckle!
Xergiok: They're small, but they sure can take a lot out of you. Whoo! Dizzy. Sometimes feeding really wipes me out. I hope you'll excuse me while I refocus my qi. [He exits.] See you in a while!
Finn: Now's our chance to do some snooping.
Finn: Jake! [Finn motions him over towards a small cave.] I found his weapon stash!
Jake: [while picking up a weapon:] Hmm.
Finn: What is it? A fighting stick? A dagger?
Jake: This one's a letter from the hospital.
Finn: You can read those bumps with your fingers?
Jake: Yeah, I learned braille from my ex.
Finn: Your ex was blind?
Jake: Nah, just cool. [reading off of tablet:] "Dear Xergiok, thank you so much for your donation. The kidneys fit great." [stops reading] Well, geez, maybe he has changed his ways!
Finn: Maybe. Let's keep looking.
Finn: [while falling:] Doy!
Finn: Oh!
Finn and Jake: Oh, crease!
Xergiok: Psychic links! Cardamom, my friend, I'm coming! I'm com [Xergiok falls from the hill he was sitting on. He lets out pained noises as he falls.] Mother of Gob! Hold on, Cardy! [Finn and Jake hide in the shadows.] Okay, here I am, buddy. Ol' Xergy's here. [Xergiok lifts the once-stalactite off of Cardamom's legs and grunts.] Let's see now [Xergiok feels his legs.] Aw, dang! [Xergiok gasps and then emits a low moan. Yellow lines emit from his head. Cardamom's leg starts twitching. We see Xergiok again, and then when we see Cardamom's leg once more, it is green and human-like, ending in a foot.]
Finn: Wha?
Jake: Shush, child!
Xergiok: Ah, Finn and Jake, you are here!
Finn: Where'd you learn that heal spell?
Xergiok: I use no magic. I manipulated space with a vibrational chant. You see, now the injury has transferred to me! [Xergiok lifts his leg, which is now Cardamom's broken leg.] Ooh, yeah, that hurts, baby! Whoo! Can't you see, Jake? I love these birds more than I love myself. What am I to the deafening roar of the macro-cosmos? Nothing much. Just a vessel to carry the message of friendship to y'all beasts and dirt!
Finn: Dirt?
Xergiok: Yeah, look! [Xergiok picks up two handfuls of dirt.] Hello, friends! Go for a ride!
Finn: Listen, man. About your eyes.
Xergiok: Yes, a wizard stole them.
Finn: Alright, but not [Jake turns Finn to have a semi-private conversation with him.]
Jake: Finn! What are you doing, man?
Finn: Dude, he's changed!
Jake: Are you sure?
Finn: Uh, yeah, man. Isn't it kind of obvi?
Jake: Alright, tell him.
Xergiok: Tell me what?
Jake: Your eyes weren't stolen by a wizard. They're in your beard.
Xergiok: Alright. Oh, where are they? [Xergiok puts his hands on his beard and rubs through all the parts besides where his eyes are.]
Finn: Dude, your eyes are in your beard.
Xergiok: A-ha, what? Good job, guys. Goofin' on the blind guyreal nice!
Finn: No, man, they're right here. [Finn takes Xergiok's hand and puts them on his eyes. Xergiok pulls where Finn guided him, pulling out his eyes.]
Xergiok: What my life?!
Finn: We didn't tell you 'cause we thought you might still be a wong lord!
Xergiok: And these aren't grapes, right?
Finn: No, man.
Xergiok: Hmm. Finn and Jake, could you help me onto Cardamom's back? I would like to be high in the clouds, bathed in the pinks and the blues of the desert twilight, when I restore my sight.
Jake: Sure, okay. [Jake grabs Xergiok and stretches him up onto Cardamom's back.]
Xergiok: Climb aboard! Vanilla! Chocolat! Cinnamon! Agave! All my friends, to the sky!
Xergiok: [Xergiok sings Real Power:]
Finn: How's it feel, man?
Xergiok: Oh, yeah, it's overwhelming. This view takes me back. I always loved the sunset. And the silhouettes of my little goblins lined up to receive their spankings! [Xergiok chuckles.] Well, the past is the past. I wanna thank you guys for finding my eyes. I don't know where I got that idea about the wizard!
Jake: You were in the desert a long time, man.
Xergiok: Yes, twenty years.
Jake: Nah, it was more like one year and change, dude.
Xergiok: Yes, things certainly have changed for me in that time. Say, who's ruling the uh, Goblin Kingdom since I left?
Jake: Whisper Dan.
Xergiok: Oh, Whisper Dan! That's cool. Cool, cool. Hey, you guys wanna ride back to your crib?
Finn: Yeah, sure, man.
Jake: Uh, wait. Xergiok, this is the Goblin Kingdom.
Xergiok: I know, but I was thinkingnow that I'm wiser, I could rule as king again!
Finn: That idea is terrible.
Xergiok: Well, you know, I disagree! And I have my army of bird friends, so anyone who disagrees with me should get a [yells:] SPANKING! [laughs maniacally]
Goblin Guard 1: Hey, Jeff, is that your real laugh? [chuckles to himself]
Goblin Guard 2 (Jeff): No, it's Xergiok.
Goblin Guard 1: Oh, Glob! [Goblin Guard 1 spills the coffee he was drinking on Jeff's head in surprise. Jeff screams in pain.]
Jake: Oh, dang! [Jake yells in pain.]
Xergiok: [while stretching the leg he stole from Jake:] Oh, yeah, baby!
Finn: Come on, man. Are you for real?
Xergiok: Attack, birds, attack! Where's the butt on this thing? [Xergiok looks at Cardamom's giant snout.] That sort of looks like a butt! [Xergiok starts spanking it.] Yeah! [Xergiok laughs.] You like that? Huh?! [Cardamom rears him off his back.] Whoa!
Xergiok: Wait! Cardamom! Nougat! Stevia! Dang!
Jake: You lost your friends, dude.
Xergiok: Yeah, I feel myself hitting bottom again. Yup, okay, here we go. [Xergiok starts crying and whimpering. He switches back Jake's broken bird leg for his actual stretchy leg. He takes out his eyes and hands them to Finn.]
Xergiok: Here, Finn. Take my eyes and bury them forever. I will not need them again.
Finn: Okay, man. [Finn puts his eyes back on his beard where they were before.]
Xergiok: [while walking away:] Thanks.
Jake: Are you gonna be alright, man?
Xergiok: It's cool.
Finn and Jake: Bye!
Finn: Dude, that sucks. I hope he finds peace, or something.
Goblin Guard 2 (Jeff): He's going to the reservoir! [We see Xergiok walking towards a large body of water.]
Goblin Guard 1: Um, why is he doin' that?
Goblin Guard 2 (Jeff): Maybe he's thirsty. [Xergiok walks into the water.] Oops, I guess he was just sad.
Finn: Should we save him?
Jake: Nah, man, he's fine.
Finn: What the?
Xergiok: I found a girlfriend! [Xergiok is shown riding a mermaid.] I'm in love! Woo!
