Princess Bubblegum: Cinnamon Bun, what the heck are you doing out in the woods?! I asked you twenty minutes ago to take these drinks around for us.
Cinnamon Bun: Oh, oh, "around for us". I thought you said "walk to the zoo and back"!
Princess Bubblegum: Gob. [smacks forehead]
Princess Bubblegum: Finn, Cinnamon Bun's gonna attend your juice bar now. I have a special job for you.
Princess Bubblegum: As Ooo's greatest champion, I'm relying on you to keep Lumpy Space Princess from crashing this wedding. I went ahead and deputized you. [hands a badge to Finn] So, you know, no holds barred, got it?
Finn: [giggles] Yeah. Oh, what about Jake?
Princess Bubblegum: Well, honestly I haven't seen Jake this happy in a while.
Princess Bubblegum: I kinda don't want squash his groove.
Princess Bubblegum: Knock, knock. Hey, Tree Trunks.
Tree Trunks: Oh, hey, Princess. Wow, you look prettier than a sippy cup in a snowbank.
Princess Bubblegum: [giggles and closes the door behind her] Thanks, Tree Trunks. Now listen, I don't want you to worry about a thing. I've got Finn on LSP Deputy, and we're keeping your ex-husbands, Randy, Danny and Wyatt, a hundred feet apart at all times - at least until it's time for me to perform the ceremony.
Tree Trunks: Oh, well, uh, Princess, I appreciate your generosity going to all this trouble to hijack my wedding and all, but you can't perform the ceremony.
Princess Bubblegum: What?! Why not?
Tree Trunks: Uh, well, I'm sorry, but I just don't recognize your quote unquote "authority" on such matters. I can only be married by His Holiness, the One True King of Ooo.
Princess Bubblegum: WHAT? That fraud?!
Tree Trunks: Now I know...
Princess Bubblegum: That fraud is here?!
Tree Trunks: Why, yes, but...
Tree Trunks: Oh, dear. Mama, I'm afraid I've offended the Princess.
Tree Trunks' mother: Oh, nonsense, baby. She's probably jealous 'cause you're about to marry a handsome, fine, saucy man. Oh, but he is a saucy, fine bologna factory. Mmmhmm, tell you what: I'd like to open up that hood, see how the bologna gets made!
Tree Trunks: Mama, please! Please don't call him a saucy fine bologna factory!
Tree Trunks' mother: Bologna factory, bologna factory, bologna factory!
Tree Trunks: Oh, my perfect day. What else could go wrong?
King of Ooo: Please, go on. Describe the next thought form.
Mr. Pig's relative: Um... I see, like, reddish-green blotches.
King of Ooo: Ah... Ahaha! [taps the relative with his wand] One year good luck.
Princess Bubblegum: I've waited a long time for this King of Ooo, and now I'm gonna expose you in front of everyone for what you really are!
BMO: Yay! [giggles]
Wyatt: Hey, uh, barkeep, can I have another one of these ciders?
Cinnamon Bun: Sure! [takes out the bottle of apple cider and tries to do a trick but has difficulty taking the cork out.]
Wyatt: Hey, little robot. How ya doing?
BMO: I am the best! I love weddings, I love flowers! I love LOVE!
Wyatt: Hey, did you know I used to be married to Tree Trunks?
BMO: No!
Wyatt: Heh, yeah... it's just me and TT. We had some wild times back in the day. Did you know I once taught her to play tennis?
BMO: No...
Wyatt: Yep, tennis! I took her to one of those... uh... paddles... or whatever, you know!
BMO: No.
Wyatt: Yeah, she left me. She said I was stifling her spirit... I mean hehe... You know, what? Not enough tennis for ya?
BMO: No.
Mr. Pig's relative: It's starting! The ceremony is starting! [snorts]
BMO: [gasp] Oh no! I'm missing the love! [gets off her stool]
Wyatt: No! Uh, please stay here! This is cathartic. You're a good listener.
BMO: [sadly]Oh, okay... [sits down again]
Mr Pig: Psst, Sweetie, you look so nice.
Tree Trunks: Shh...
Finn: Sounds really sweet.
Finn: Lumpy Space Princess? Is that you?
Lumpy Space Princess: Let me go to this party...
Finn: It's not your party, LSP. [tries to find Lumpy Space Princess.]
Lumpy Space Princess: Poor Finn. Don't you know? [flies up from an old well. The wind blows the picnic mat off Lumpy Space Princess, revealing her in a wedding dress. After all, no wedding's complete without wedding crashers...] Every party is my party.
Princess Bubblegum: I'm just gonna look in this guy's blimp. [gets on the top of the ladder and turns the door knob] Make sure everything's in accordance... [breaks open the window with her shoe and opens the door] with the laws.
Mr. Pig: Psst... sweetie, what are ya doing?
Lumpy Space Princess: Get out of my way, Finn. [pushes Finn] Oh my glob, you're touching my woman body!
King of Ooo: Okay, dear, now up you come.
Tree Trunks: [whispers] Don't hurry this. [she slowly takes a step on the stage and King of Ooo lifts her up and brings her on stage.]
King of Ooo: There you go!
King of Ooo: Whoa, whoa, kids! Gotta finish the ceremony first. Keep the baby in the basket!
Lumpy Space Princess: Everyone at the party get ready! 'Cause here comes the hot bunch of grapes!
Lumpy Space Princess: Ahhhh... oh my gaaaah...
King of Ooo: We've gathered here on this beautiful day, under my life-giving sun, to celebrate the enjoinment of Mr. Pig and Tree Trunks, the little elephant. These two weird animals...
BMO: I bet some cute weddings are happening over there.
Wyatt: [sighs] BMO, you're so nice.
BMO: Those flowers look really cold.
Wyatt: I've had a hard life. People seem cute. They seem nice. And then when you can't stop crying because they beat you in tennis that one time, they call you a baby.
BMO: Yeah, cute nice babies.
Wyatt: BMO?
BMO: Mm-hmm?
Wyatt: BMO, would you move in with me?
King of Ooo: Do you, Mr Pig, take Tree Trunks to be your ever-wedded wife, forever following the teachings of me the true King of Ooo?
Mr. Pig: I do.
King of Ooo: Do you, Tree Trunks, do you promise to love Mr. Pig forever, and spend the next 5 years with me and my serenity compound, performing simple household repairs, [Mr. Pig puts the ring around Tree Trunk's paw] to have and to hold the in sickness and in health, in my gated mountain compound?
Tree Trunks: I...
Lumpy Space Princess: Everybody get ready... [ as she crawls to the ceremony, still with Finn pulling her] to pay attention to me...
Tree Trunks: I...
Tree Trunks: do... oh [looks over to Finn and Lumpy Space Princess right behind the guests, struggling to get closer. The blimp is also getting closer to the stage]
Lumpy Space Princess: Everybody, hey! I'm here! Look at my bouq- [gets knocked by the blimp.]
Cinnamon Bun: Ah... [pours the cider into Wyatt's glass.]
King of Ooo: My zep!
Princess Bubblegum: Everybody! This wedding is a farce! A criminal farce!
King of Ooo: Hey, just what are you egging at here?
Princess Bubblegum: I'll tell you what I'm egging at! I'm egging at this outdated wedding officiant license!
King of Ooo: Oh, is that what this is about? You must've found that in my back records! I have the up-to-date paperwork right here!
Tree Trunks: Oh!
Princess Bubblegum: What? Uh...
King of Ooo: Hey, wait, how did you get that? I could've swore it was locked in my zep.
Princess Bubblegum: No... shhh... no... nope nope, stop talking, go to jail! [handcuffs King of Ooo] Yeah!
Tree Trunks: Princess Bubblegum, you have gone too far. We stand together against your tyranny.
Finn: Hey, everybody.
Tree Trunks: Your prison may hold one of us, but it may not hold all of us.
Tree Trunks: Oh, poor Tree Trunks. Wait, where's my mama? Has anyone seen my... oh!
Tree Trunks: No, Mama. Well I guess this is it, sweetie. [telepathic signals enter her head] Oh, oh no, the elephant graveyard is calling me now. Okay, hold your horses, I'm coming!
Mr Pig: Wait, Tree Trunks. Look around: everyone we care about is all here together. Finn, Uncle Donald, Banana Guard Number 1, Jake, Jake Junior, everybody. We can have the ceremony right here.
Tree Trunks: Hey yeah! King of Ooo, will you do the honors?
King of Ooo: Are you crazy? That loopy bird is gonna string me up sideways. You can perform your own dang ceremony. Kingofooo.com! [escapes]
Tree Trunks: Oh, dear.
Mr Pig: Oh, my gosh. Tree Trunks, did you hear?
Tree Trunks: Huh?
Mr Pig: The King said you can perform your own dang ceremony!
Tree Trunks: Yeah, that really stunk.
Mr Pig: But...
Tree Trunks: But... the King's word is law. I can perform my own dang ceremony?
Jake: Are you up to it, TT?
Tree Trunks: I'll try. I guess it's time. A-are you ready?
Tree Trunks: Oh. Okay, um... do you Mr Pig take me, Tree Trunks, to be your beautiful wedded wife?
Mr Pig: I do.
Tree Trunks: And do I, Mr Pig, take him to be your lawful wedded husband, Tree Trunks?
Mr Pig: I do.
Tree Trunks: Then you... you may kiss the bride!
Princess Bubblegum: Aww, geez, let them all go, Banana Guard Number 3.
Banana Guard Number 3: Uh... what?
Princess Bubblegum: I just can't stay mad at something so cute.
Banana Guard: Did she just say let everyone go?
Tree Trunks: Looks like we got the whole place to ourselves... if you know what I'm saying.
Mr Pig: Wait, d-don't you think there might be cameras down here?
Tree Trunks: I hope so...
