Phlannel Boxingday: Psst. Lemonhope.
Phlannel Boxingday: Hey. That's better.
Lemonhope: Who are you?
Phlannel Boxingday: My name's Phlannel Boxingday, and I've been watching you and your hard, hot life in this desert from up there [points] in my cloud trawler. I thought you might need a hand.
Lemonhope: Mm-hmm.
Phlannel Boxingday: Kid, truth be told, you're looking a little raw. You're totally free to come hang out with me until you're feeling stronger.
Lemonhope: [unsure] Mm...
Phlannel Boxingday: It's your choice.
Phlannel Boxingday: [patting Lemonhope's hair] Ha-ha, let's go, dude.
Phlannel Boxingday: So... read any good books lately?
Lemonhope: Oh, I can't read. They tried to teach me in school, but... mm, I just faked it.
Phlannel Boxingday: Ah-hah... Uh-oh. Hold that thought, buddy. Looks like a Greed Lard's picked up our scent. Dangit, he's a fast one. We can't outrun him, but maybe we can drive him off. I need you to play that flute of yours, Lemonhope. I saw how you rassled those scorpions before. Now play that flute with all your might!
Phlannel Boxingday: Keep it up, Lemonhope. It's working! He's turning off!
Phlannel Boxingday: No, wait. Hehe's mad. We've enraged him. He's calling his pack. The harp, Lemonhope! Quick, quick, quick!
Phlannel Boxingday: We'll lure the beast into the rocks.
Lemonhope: [gasps]
Lemonhope: No! Phlannel! Stop the ship! Stop the ship!
Phlannel Boxingday: What? What for?
Lemonhope: STOP THE SHIP!
Phlannel Boxingday: You see, Lemonhope? It's not peeps. It's dosh!
Lemonhope: Oh.
Phlannel Boxingday: Greed Lards eat dosh for food, and 'cause we killed it, we get to keep it all. That's my job, Lemonhope. When I'm not out being free and having adventures, I'm killing monsters that eat dosh and then keeping the dosh. And it just so happens that I'm looking for a new apprentice. What do you think about partnering up with old Phlannel Boxingday?
Lemonhope: Oh, my gosh, Phlannel, yes! [laughs] It's a dream come true! [laughs] A dream come true! A dream come true...
Lemonhope: Poor little Lemonhope. [passing by bones] Throw me a lemon-rope. Is there a home for me and my harp? A place where my [sees a skull] friends... give me hu?
Cow: Hey. Hey... What's going on back there? Somethin' don't feel right. Oh, hey! Lemonhope is here! Hey, man, how's it goin?
Cow: Whoa, what the heck?
Cow: Run for it, Lemonhope! Run, run! C'mon! Why aren't you running?
Phlannel Boxingday: Morning, Lemonhope! Hey, is there any more white coal down in the hold? [pulls bucket of diamonds out from the fire] More black diamonds equals more love potions. The old three Rs, y'know what I'm saying? Ro-ro-romance. No, man, I can't wait for some love. It's been so lo [drops bucket] whoops. Oh, drats. Oh, well. Hey, don't sweat it, buddy. It wasn't your fault.
Lemonhope: It's not that, Phlannel. I had a bad dream.
Phlannel Boxingday: Again? That's the third time this week.
Lemonhope: [sighs] I'm free now, Phlannel, to do all whatevs I ever wanted, but all I think about is my old life. What does it mean?
Phlannel Boxingday: Well, it's true you are freefree to help the Lemon People or leave them bebut a debt unpaid is not easily forgotten. So you are a prisoner still in deinem kopf(in your head).
Lemonhope: Huh. That's what Mistress always said, and I didn't even listen.
Phlannel Boxingday: Ah, Lemonhope, you're a doer, not a listener. You learn with your heart and hands, not your head. So... what will you do, Lemonhope?
Lemonhope: I'll... I'll go back, and I'll help my people, and maybe I'll feel better.
Phlannel Boxingday: [laughs] And how will you do it?
Lemonhope: Um... with my harp [takes out harp] and... my flute! [takes out flute] And help from my friend Phlannel!
Phlannel Boxingday: Nah, little Lemonhope. Of course, I'll take you as far as I can, but I can't interfere directly in Lemongrab politics. All those old pacts and treaties have me sklonked up tighter than a synthetic zanoit sterilizer bed compressor tube enlarger on garbage day.
Lemonhope: Lemonhope's family held in Lemongrab's lair. Saving them will save me, but... I am pretty scared.
Lemonhope: Hmm... [imagines picking a lock with his harp]
Lemongrab: Looking for something?
Lemonhope: [gasps]
Lemongrab: Well, you found me, fat Lemongrab.
Lemongrab: Oh, what's that you've got? Ah-ha, your little harp? But what's this? [takes off hood, revealing corked ears] I've got things in my ears tonight! So now I'm invincible!
Lemongrab 2: [from inside Lemongrab] Play it, Lemonhope!
Lemongrab: What? Ispeak up, child!
Lemonhope: I didn't say anything.
Lemongrab 2: The harp! Hurry! I'll take care of the rest!
Lemongrab: What?
Lemongrab 2: The harp, Lemonhope! Play it!
Lemongrab: Oh, the harp! Didn't I just explain? I've got things in my
Lemongrab: [gasps] Mymymy things! [reaches inside him for Lemongrab 2, who evades his grasp]
Lemongrab: [screams] LetLet me go! Let me go!
Lemongrab 2: The harp, Lemonhope! The harp!
Lemongrab: [screaming] This sounds awful!
Lemongrab 2: Faster, Lemonhope!
Lemongrab 2: Faster, Lemonhope!
Lemongrab: I can't stands no more!
Lemongrab 2: Faster!
Lemongrab: [shaking his head violently] AAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Lemonhope: Hmm?
Lemonhope: Coming! [climbs up steps]
Lemonhope: Wait, I'mI'mI'm coming!
Lemonhope: Hello? HHello?
Princess Bubblegum: You know, I was thinking, Lemonhope. Maybe you'd like to stay here in Lemongrab while Lemongrab recovers. Ever kingdom needs a champion, and you're a true champion if ever I've seen one. Plus, I already set up a little room for you.
Lemonhope: Is he gonna stay like that?
Princess Bubblegum: Like what? [looks at Lemongrab 3, lumpy and covered in stitches] Oh, heh, no, no-no-no-no. Once his brains and bodies remix, he should be back to his lonely old self, which seems to be his only stable relationship model.
Lemongrab 3: Me!
Princess Bubblegum: So will you stay, Lemonhope, and help your people once more?
Lemonhope: Nah, that's okay.
Princess Bubblegum: Oh, but I thought...
Lemonhope: I mean, you guys are cool and all, but I mostly came back here so I could stop thinking about y'all all the time. I'll be back when I'm tired of being free. [walking out] See you in a thousand years, I guess. Peace!
Finn: Wow. I really thought he was gonna stay.
Princess Bubblegum: Me too. I even wrote a song about it.
Finn: [laughs]
Princess Bubblegum: Hey! Don't laugh.
Finn: Let me hear it!
Princess Bubblegum: No! It's terrible.
Finn: Come on!
Princess Bubblegum: No!
Finn: Come on! Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it...
Princess Bubblegum: Gah! Okay, okay.
