Ice King: Huh? Wha-? Where am I? Gunter?
Ice King: Gunter?
Ice King: I don't think this is Gunter.
Lumpy Space Princess: It's me, Ice King.
Ice King: Lumpy Space Princess?
Lumpy Space Princess: Yeah.
Ice King: And you're doing this because you like me?
Lumpy Space Princess: No, Ice King, listen. I'm gonna give you the straight dope.
Ice King: Okay.
Lumpy Space Princess: You're weird and old and you kidnap princesses.
Ice King: I know!
Lumpy Space Princess: But I asked you here tonight because I wanna know what you think of this.
Ice King: [Reads the cover title] "The Prince Who Wanted Everything; A Fionna and Cake Adventure"? Hey, why isn't my name on there?
Lumpy Space Princess: I want you to read it because you're their dad. Please be their dad right now and bring them to life!
Ice King: [Groans] Okay, might as well...at least until the cops show up. Ahem!
Ice King: Once upon a time, there was a most handsome prince, the future king of Lumpy Space, Lumpy Space Prince.
Lumpy Servants: Where do you want these gold-plated sandwiches your highness?
Lumpy Space Prince: [with Lumpy Space Princess' voice] By the window!
Lumpy Space Princess: No! [story is interrupted] That's not how I sound! Read it in a better voice!
Ice King: Okay, Okay! Yeesh! [Story continues]
Lumpy Space Prince: [In an english accent] By the window!
Lumpy Space Prince: For from the window shall I shower the poor with presents, as is my altruistic nature. Haha!
Lumpy Space Prince: Eat! Eat, my children!
Lumpy Space Queen: Son, come here at once!
Ice King: But, all was not perfect for this philanthropic prince of the people.
Ice King: His parents were slobbering monsters who didn't care that he was a beautiful prince! They wanted him to be a monster too.
Lumpy Space Queen: Why aren't you working on your monster exercises?
Lumpy Space Princess: I don't want to be a monster.
Lumpy Space King: Eat these worms!
Lumpy Space Princess: No!
Lumpy Space Queen: You will eat them!
Lumpy Space Princess: I won't eat them!
Lumpy Space Queen: Sharpen your teeth!
Lumpy Space Princess: No!
Lumpy Space King: Eat these worms!
Lumpy Space Queen: Eat those worms and sharpen those teeth!
Lumpy Space Princess: No, no, no! I told you hundreds of times that I don't want to be a monster, and there's nothing you can do about it!
Lumpy Space Prince: Where am I? [Gasps]
Lumpy Space Prince: Who's there? Reveal yourself!
Lumpy Space Prince: Hmm... Citizens of this realm, I am the one and only heir to the throne of the Lumpy Space Kingdom- I mean, I used to be. I rebelled against my parents, and now i'm a refugee. [pause] What's that? You wish to help me? I am touched! Fetch me some clothes and I'll pay you handsomely, by petting you. First, I need freaky clothes! Cool freaky, not monster freaky. Oh yes, and something to read as well, something mind-blowing.
Lumpy Space Prince: Oh wait! I also need servants! Recruit some locals, they work fine.
Lumpy Space Prince: Hmm... Not bad! Well done, my child! Next!
Lumpy Space Prince: Massenpsychologie und Ich-Analyse. That does sound mind-blowing!
Fionna: Yah! Aiyah! Aha!
Fionna: Cake, I'll save the captives, you take care of those animals! [runs off]
Cake: Ya!
Cake: Ha! Dance you puppets!
Fionna: You're free to go people!
Flame Prince, Turtle Prince, Marshal Lee, and Prince Gumball: Woohoo!
Lumpy Space Prince: Hey! Those were my servants!
Fionna: Hmm?
Lumpy Space Prince: What an innocent face! [Fionna walks up to Lumpy Space Prince] It shines as if you have done no wrong! Do you like my freaky clothes?
Fionna: [aggressively] I don't care about your clothes!
Lumpy Space Princess: Hey! [Story is interrupted]You're not supposed to read it like that. Say it in a nicer way!
Ice King: I...Uh...I don't-
Fionna: [Positive tone] -care about you're clothes.
Lumpy Space Prince: You don't? [The shades on his helmet slides up] Finally, someone who's not impressed with my noble looks, but admire's what's inside of me!
Lumpy Space Prince: Is this really happening? You're clothes are so raggedy and soiled! And yet, you use them as a napkin! [Lumpy Space Prince puts on his "Handsome Face"] You care not about your personal appearance nor hygiene!
Lumpy Space Prince: Dress me in the fashion of this peasant!
Lumpy Space Prince: I have much to learn from you, Fionna the Human.
Cake: How'd he know your name?
Lumpy Space Prince: Hmm... Your movements are so free! My parents only want me to fly like a proper monster: stiff and rigid, with a sharp toothed scowl permanently in place. But now, I see a new way to move. [Puts on his "Handsome Face"] Dance with me?
Cake: Y'all seeing those big floaty faces?
Fionna: [eyes become wide, blushes, starts to drool] Pretty!
Lumpy Space Prince: Uh...No!
Lumpy Space Prince: Release!
Fionna: [tensed] Uh... What just happened?
Lumpy Space Prince: You were under my handsome spell for a moment. We can never marry, you know? I can only be with someone who is my equal in every way , a person so much like me that she doesn't even exist!
Fionna: I don't care, as long as we can hang out! Anyone want a sandwich?
Lumpy Space Prince: Ooh! I'll have one!
Lumpy Space Prince: So rusty... So humble...
Lumpy Space Prince: Delightful!
Lumpy Space Prince: Wait, where're your baby tables?
Lumpy Space Prince: What!? [Cake swallows] You don't dip your foods in gold before eating?
Fionna: Who eats gold?
Lumpy Space Prince: Great Glob! What is this? So charming! So quaint! So self-reliant!
Lumpy Space Prince:  For years, I thought only of the needs of my people, but what about me? What do I need? This poorly made sandwich has enlightened me!
Lumpy Space Prince: What I want is to be like you, Fionna the peasant! And I'll need you as my pet, Cake the cat.
Cake: Yeah, whatever.
Lumpy Space Prince: [Puts on his "Handsome Face"] Huh?
Lumpy Space Queen: Son!
Lumpy Space Prince: Flee, noble Fionna, for it is my stupid parents! And they're fatter than ever!
Lumpy Space Queen: Silence!
Lumpy Space Prince: Ahh! I'm just being honest!
Lumpy Space Prince: Huh?
Fionna: Come on, you beautiful dandy! Only your pure spirit can defeat your evil family!
Fionna: And this sword!
Lumpy Space Prince: You're right, Fionna! This is my destiny!
Lumpy Space Prince: I do have the power!
Lumpy Space Prince: Huh?
Lumpy Space Prince: Fionna!
Lumpy Space Queen: You must obey!
Lumpy Space Prince: My heart!
Lumpy Space Queen: Submit young one, become a true monster.
Lumpy Space Prince: No! It isn't right!
Lumpy Space Queen: Silence!
Lumpy Space Prince: Urh, Fionna, This is the end for me. But at least I made you proud, didn't I?
Fionna: I don't care. [Lumpy Space Prince gasps and sits up]
Lumpy Space Prince: My glob, Fionna! You've been telling be the answer all along! [Fionna and Cake sit up] The only way to defeat parental disapproval is not caring about anything! I don't care!
Lumpy Space Prince: I don't care!
Fionna: LSP!
Cake: Haha! Cake's helping!
Lumpy Space Prince: I don't care...
Lumpy Space Queen: Thank you son! You freed us from adult mediocrity and fatuousness.
Lumpy Space Prince: [Brings the microphone up to his face] I don't care!
Lumpy Space Prince: Fionna, Cake. Both of you buy me dinner.
Fionna and Cake: Yes, your hotness!
Ice King: And then, Lumpy Space Prince became so real that he can actually break through into this plane of existence. Woah! [Lumpy Space Princess reads along] And meet his one true love, Lumpy Space Princess. It was really happening. The secret portal began to shake and tremble.
Ice King: The countdown began. 10, 9, 8,[Ice king flips the page with his nose, Lumpy Space Princess sweats] 7, 6, 5...
Ice King: 4, 3, 2, 1!
