Peppermint Butler: Princess, he did it! Root Beer Guy set up the force field!
Finn: But he sacrificed himself to do it.
Jake: It's an ugly scene, man.
Princess Bubblegum: Let me see. [takes binoculars]
Princess Bubblegum: Rest in peace, Root Beer Guy.
Maja: Give up now, Princess, and I, Maja the Sky Witch, promise not to completely donk up your kingdom.
Darren: I make no such promise. Darren must feed.
Crunchy: Oh, Glob! Oh, oh, oh!
Maja: Oh, well. [laughs] What can you do?
Candy Person: Crunchy, chill. Chill.
[Time card: THE DAY BEFORE]
Maja: Keepers of the clock, masters of dimension, bear witness!
Maja: By my power, I compel you to converge!
Maja: Past and present, be one. Awaken the terror of a forgotten age in this moment that is all moments in the blink of an eye.
Maja: Darren, the ancient sleeper, arise!
Darren: I had a dream I was fighting an army that could birth new soldiers from their own blood. I was endless. Does that make sense?
Maja: Yes. You want to go conquer the Candy Kingdom?
Darren: What's that?
Maja: It's a place that contains the highest levels of caring and sentimental affection in all of Ooo.
Darren: What is caring? What kind of world is this?
Maja: It's a feeling I use in my magic to give me power. Like this shirt that was once the prized possession of Princess Bubblegum. With the feelings in this shirt, I was able to summon you.
Darren: I don'twalk me through this.
Maja: All right.
Darren: This kingdom of candy...
Maja: Yes?
Darren: I will lay it to waste, turn their people to salt.
Maja: Yeah...
Darren: And garnish a million meals with the salt, which we will eat for eternity.
Maja: That's not my plan exactly, but you'll be fine. I promise.
Darren: I promise, as well, to deliver destruction so thorough that all realities are affected.
Maja: Okay. We'll talk about that.
Darren: All realities.
Maja: Hey! We'll talk about it!
Maja: Break this witch out, Darren.
Princess Bubblegum: How long will your force field hold, Gridface Princess?
Gridface Princess: The sleeper's magic is older than legend. I don't know how he disabled both my Gumball Guardians, but at least I know my tech is tight. The field will hold long enough for you to think of a weak plan.
Princess Bubblegum: [on phone] Colonel Candy Corn?
Colonel Candy Corn: Uh, yes, Princess.
Princess Bubblegum: Ready the cannons. You got me? If they get through that barrier, I don't want to have to use our ground troops.
Colonel Candy Corn: Will do, Princess. And let me just say... thank you for putting this old crease back in the field. I haven't been the same since my lovely Linda passed away.
Princess Bubblegum: Yeah. Good luck.
Colonel Candy Corn: Oh, I tried dating again, you know? But these young girls think I'm too serious or something.
Peppermint Butler: Why don't you date someone your own age?
Princess Bubblegum: [covers receiver] Peppermint Butler, come on!
Colonel Candy Corn: Oh, women my age don't hang out. Where are they hiding?
Colonel Candy Corn: I need a young girl with an old soul to heal my heart.
Darren: This is taking too long.
Maja: Then do the thing!
Darren: I call forth the Legion of Cadmus, the Dragon's Teeth!
Colonel Candy Corn: What am I supposed tooh! Party's starting. Load 'em up, soldiers!
Candy soldier: Yeah, just put it in there. I don't know.
Colonel Candy Corn: Oh, dang!
Colonel Candy Corn: Fire!
Princess Bubblegum: Finn and Jake, are you ready towhat the...? Finn? [to a Banana Guard] Where the jam is Finn?!
Banana Guard: I don't know. Weren't they just here?
Princess Bubblegum: What the jam?!
Princess Bubblegum: All right. Finn or no Finn, PB's got to get in that biz. [mounts Swan] Hyah! [takes off]
Colonel Candy Corn: Why have you stopped firing?
Candy soldier: We ran out of ammo, colonel.
Colonel Candy Corn: That's nonsense, soldier.
Colonel Candy Corn: This is how you defend your kingdom! Fire, you wimps! [The cannon fires.] Ya-ha!
Candy soldiers: Ah!
Colonel Candy Corn: [laughs] For the kingdom!
Candy soldiers: For the king...
Princess Bubblegum: Oh, zang! [dodges blast]
Candy soldiers: ...ingdom!
Colonel Candy Corn: [exhales sharply]
Maja: Eat it, tranch!
Darren: It's over, Princess. Prepare to be annihilated across all dimensions.
Colonel Candy Corn: Princess! No!
Maja: Wait, Darren! Dial it back. I need her residual feelings.
Darren: What the flip is feelings? Darren only understands life and death!
Darren: Wah!
Maja: What the slizz?!
Finn & Jake: Yeah, boy!
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: Hi, Darren.
Maja: The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant?!
Darren: Eli, were you asleep forever too? All this stuff is different now. What are we even doing here?
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: Yes, it's been a difficult adjustment.
Finn: Blaze his face, Eli!
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: Yes, master. [shoots laser]
Ice King: Yo! Leave me out of it!
Maja: No! [charges up an attack]
Darren: Yeah, right.
Darren: [laughs]
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: Finn, his weakness is his brain seed.
Finn: Okay!
Finn: Whoo-hoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo!
Finn: Oh, uh! [grunts] Aah! [stabs brain]
Darren: Thank you.
Jake: Whoa!
Candy soldiers: [cheer]
Swan: [squawks]
Banana Guard: Well, I guess my kids still have a daddy.
Colonel Candy Corn: [kicks Darren's body] Bam, you dope!
Princess Bubblegum: Party tonight in the Candy Kingdom!
Princess Bubblegum: Hey, where's Finn?
Finn: Hi.
Princess Bubblegum: Okay. Y'all bring food and bevs. Finn, you make the guac, all right?
Finn: I'll make the guaaaaaaaaaaac.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: Finn! Finn!
Finn: Yo! What's up, APTWE?
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: What do I do now?
Finn: Dude, I don't know. Probably not go back in the basement. You're so big'uns. You should be free, boy.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: Free to do what? I need psychic commands.
Finn: Can you help me dice tomatoes for this guac?
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: No.
Finn: You see, man, I feel weird giving you orders. You should just do your own thing. Realize your potential.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: But this is what I ama war machine who serves its master.
Finn: No, man. You're more than that. [drops guacamole] Whoops. I see into your brain, remember? You'll do great. Just go for it. I believe in you, man.
Finn: Oh, word. Thanks.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: Maybe Darren was right. There's no place for my ancient ways. [flies off]
Finn: Don't think like that, dude! Come back and see us whenevs!
Ant: I'm doing this for a reason. What choice is there?
Baby birds: Hungry! Hungry! Hungry!
Mama bird: Must feed babies. [feeds worms to chicks]
Sun: Hey! Elephant. I'm more ancient than you. Someday, I will engulf the solar system. What was and what will be are meaningless. Meanwhile, you should wonder: are you just a two-headed pile of meat on a crash course with the cosmic dump? Or do you contain the soul memory of a million dead stars? How do you light a candle without a match?
Maja: Hello? Who's that? Why can't I see jack?
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: You bonked your head. You're in a coma, but I can help.
Maja: Um, all right. Are you, like, powerful?
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: Yes. I can fly and do lasers from my nose.
Maja: Okay. I can run with this. Take me to the Candy Kingdom and shoot your laser nose at it.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: No. I must decide, in this moment, what is best. For now, I am the match and the candle.
Maja: What?
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: I will be your friend and keep you alive, until you regain consciousness, maybe.
Maja: Ugh, that plan sounds like dirt!
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant: See through my eyes, Maja.
Maja: Ah! It's bright! Wait! You're the flippin' elephant! You laser-nosed me! Somebody help! Oh, my Glob. Somebody!
Leaf: Well, this wasn't part of my plan.
Caterpillar: Hey, man. I'm gonna eat you.
[A picture of Root Beer Guy appears, surrounded by the words, "In loving memory: Root Beer Guy," followed by a picture of Crunchy in bandages with the words, "Crunchy got put back together."]
