Jake: Yeah, you think you're pretty way up there but I can get you! [he stretches to be on Lady's level.]
Lady Rainicorn: na jababwabwa~ ("Catch me if you can.")
Princess Bubblegum: Alright. Let me just add three more drops of explosive diarrhea.
Finn and Princess Bubblegum: Oooo...
Finn: Hey Princess Bubblegum, when we bring the dead back to life, will it be filled with worms?
Princess Bubblegum: No. If my decorpsinator serum works, all the dead Candy People will look as young and healthy as you do.
Princess Bubblegum: Pick up that platter, tough guy.
Finn: Old Mr. Cream Puff?
Princess Bubblegum: [Giggles] We used to date. [Applies the serum.]
Finn: Something's happening! Come on, come on...
Princess Bubblegum: Work.
Finn: Algebraic!
Princess Bubblegum: Wait, something's wrong.
Zombie Mr. Cream Puff: Sugar! [Squirts serum out of his eyes and mouth]
Finn and Princess Bubblegum: Ew!
Finn: Hey, look, the decorpsinator serum is working!
Princess Bubblegum: No, this is wrong. They're not coming back to life--they're still dead! The decorpsinator serum--it's incomplete! [she rubs the head of a candy person that looks like a love heart.]
Zombie Love Heart: [lashing out at Princess Bubblegum] Rah. Must eat sugar!
Finn: [Pushes him back down] You're grounded, Mister.
Princess Bubblegum: Oh, this is really bad. They're going to be attracted to the Candy Kingdom!
Finn: Why?
Princess Bubblegum: Because the Candy People are made of sugar, ya ding dong!
Zombie Mr. Cream Puff: [On Princess Bubblegum] Gimme some sugar, baby.
Finn: Chew on this! [Kicks him]
Princess Bubblegum: [Giggles] Good one, Finn. Quickly, to the kingdom!
Finn: [Kicks another zombie] Get a life!
Princess Bubblegum: All citizens of the Candy Kingdom! Report to the palace, immediately!
Jake: Whoa!
Princess Bubblegum: [worried] Hurry, sweet citizens.
Finn: Alright, you heard the princess, everyone in! Alright, no pushing, come on!
Jake: Dude, what's up?
Finn: The princess will explain everything. Tree Trunks, get those hot buns in here, girl.
Tree Trunks: [Carrying hot cross buns] Oh, I hope it's not bad news.
Finn: Did we get everyone?
Manfried: All present and accounted for.
Finn: Thanks, Manfried.
Manfried: You're welcome.
Princess Bubblegum: Citizens, we are assembled here in the candy foyer for a momentous announcement. Tonight we are all going to have... a slumber party!
Finn: What?!
Finn: Wait! What about the zom--?! [Princess Bubblegum covers his mouth]
Princess Bubblegum: Go ahead and start partying.
Finn: [Voice muffled] But, Princess, the Undead--
Princess Bubblegum: [Carries Finn to the lab] We'll be right back, everyone.
Jake: Whooo!
Princess Bubblegum: Finn, the Candy People can't know about the zombies.
Finn: Wha?!
Princess Bubblegum: If they knew, they would flip out.
Finn: What do you mean "flip out"?
Princess Bubblegum: I mean they would flip out.
Starchie: Princess? It's me, Starchie the gravedigger. I brought you a larger corpse shovel. Oh, Princess? Well, I'll just wait for you here, then. By the mausoleum. With my back turned. And my defenses lowered.
Finn: Candy People explode when they get scared?!
Princess Bubblegum: Not telling the Candy People about the zombies is so important that you need to promise, Royal Promise, not to let anyone find out about the zombies, ever.
Finn: Okay, sure.
Princess Bubblegum: No, Finn. You have to Royal Promise.
Finn: Yes, [kneels] I Royal Promise.
Princess Bubblegum: Now I must cloister myself in the lab and finish the equation to my decorpsinator serum. You keep the candy folk distracted and ignorant. Can you do that?
Finn: Yes, your highness.
Princess Bubblegum: Good. Don't tell anyone about the zombies. Never ever. [She leaves]
Finn: No, wait. Can I at least tell [Jake enters] Jake?
Jake: Tell me about what, dude?
Finn: You know, about the outbreak of zom-- [Covers his mouth]
Jake: [Chuckles] Alright, what's going on?
Finn: Uhh, nothing at all, buddy! [Laughs awkwardly and skips into the foyer]
Jake: Hey, dude. I think you and Bubblegum are up to something.
Finn: [nervously] Ahha ah, what? No, no way.
Jake: Whoa, you guys are up to something. Is it some sort of prank? Can I get in on it?
Finn: [To party-goers] Who wants to play "Truth or Dare"?
Jake: Hmm...
Finn: Ok, Chocoberry, you may ask someone to tell a deep truth or a saucy dare.
Chocoberry: Mr. Cupcake, truth or dare?
Mr. Cupcake: Dare.
Chocoberry: I dare you to take off your wrapper.
Jake: [Shoulders Finn] Hey seriously, man. I'm your bro. Bros are supposed to tell bros everything all the time. What are you and Bubblegum up to? Is everything alright?
Finn: Yep! Fine! Everything is great! Heh, heh. [Crinkling sound] Except for that. Whoa.
Peppermint Butler: I didn't know he was chocolate.
Mr. Cupcake: Jake, truth or dare?
Jake: Truth.
Mr. Cupcake: Do you prefer chocolate or fudge?
Jake: I can't eat chocolate or fudge 'cause I'm a dog and they'd probably kill me, but hmmmmm probably... neither. Finn! Truth or dare?
Finn: Dare! Haha!
Jake: I dare you... to tell me the truth about what's going on in your mind. What were you and Bubblegum talking about when you were alone together?
Finn: [Nervously] Umm, ahh, the truth is, ahhh...
Hallucination of Princess Bubblegum: You promised you wouldn't freakin' tell anyone! Oh, you're so cute, Finn.
Finn: Ahhh... the truth is... that I'd rather play Dodge Socks!
Jake: I'm not playing dodge socks 'til you stop dodging my questions. Hey... [Sniffs socks] Old Mr. Cream Puff? Isn't he dead?
Finn: Hey, give me my sock back! Dodge Socks was a bad idea!
Jake: Whoa. [angrily] Look dude, just tell me what's up, 'cause you are crazier than a cannonball tonight.
Finn: [Thinking] Oh, my goodness! Princess hasn't finished the equation and the zombies are here!
Finn: I, uh, she just want this slumber party to be super fun, and if I did have something to tell you, then I would in a second, and it would make my life easier, unless there was something stopping me, like a promise, but there isn't, so I won't, so it's cool.
Zombie: Sugar!
Jake: What? You lost me.
Finn: Umm... Hey, you know what time it is?
Jake: Adventure time?
Finn: No, time for Seven Minutes in Heaven! You're first.
Jake: Really?
Finn: Lady Raincorn! In the closet with Jake!
Lady: mweo? na? usgyeo jeongmal. geurae, joha. haja. ("What? Me? You gotta be kidding me. Okay, then. I'll play.")
Jake: Okay, okay, alright. [Closet door closes on Jake and Lady] But in seven minutes, I'm gonna come out and make you spill your beans, Finn.
Finn: I can't hear you all the way in heaven!
Chet: Umm, does anyone else hear that?
Finn: What? Hear what? I, I don't hear anything.
Chet: I hear something I don't understand... and it makes me scared! [Begins to shake.]
Finn: What? No, Chet. Everybody, wait. What noise? You mean this noise? [Turns on a radio and party lights comes on.]
Chet: Oh. [Laughs]
Finn: Yeah! Dance it! Bust it up! Uh! Uh! Uh! Oh!
Chocoberry: What is this game you are playing at now, Finn?
Finn: Uhh, it's... Blockado. Haha, the game of barricades. Come on, let's block all the entrances and windows!
Finn: Alright, this is not a permanent solution. Think Finn, how can you keep everyone from finding out?
Manfried: Find out about what, Finn?
Finn: Manfried, the talking pinata! Your convient appearance gives me a great idea. Everyone, grab a stick! New game! We're gonna smash some pinatas!
Manfried: What?
Finn: Except for you, Manfried.
Manfried: Oh, thank goodness.
Finn: Now everybody don these blindfolds. [Whispering] Thanks, Taffy Girl.
Finn: Alright, everybody, get together. I'm hanging the pinatas... [The zombies burst through the barricades] They're all around you. Smash the pinatas!
Finn: Yeah! You guys are on fire!
Chocoberry: Oh, it is so tasty.
Finn: Yes! We did it! My improbable plan worked!
Jake: Whew!
Lady: annyeong! ("Hello!")
Jake: Seven minutes up yet? [Grabs a jelly filled doughnut and eats it, noticing the zombie corpses.] Whoa! [Runs to Finn] What the nuts happened here?!
Finn: Oh, we killed all the zombies that Princess Bubblegum and I raised from the dead.
Jake: Really!?
Finn: Jake? What's going on?
Princess Bubblegum: What? Huh? Oh, Finn! Did you break your Royal Promise?
Finn: Yeah, but, I mean, all the zombies are dead. The Candy People won't freak out. What's the big deal?
Princess Bubblegum: This is really, really bad, Finn. You can't break Royal Promises. Never, ever, never. No matter what, forever.
Princess Bubblegum: The Guardians of the Royal Promise are coming for us.
Finn and Princess Bubblegum: Whoa!
Guardian 1: Finn the Human. You have broken a Royal Promise for which the penalty is trial by fire.
Finn: That's stupid.
Princess Bubblegum: Wait! He's my friend! Isn't there another option?!
Guardian 1: Yes. Because you care for the promise-breaker, we will give him a less hot trial. You must now answer...
Guardian 2: ...Math questions!
Finn: Mathematical!
Princess Bubblegum: Finn, you're terrible at math.
Finn: Awww.
Guardian 1: Now, solve this! [Puts Finn in front of Guardian 2, who puts up a hologram of an overly complicated math equation]
Finn: Uhh....
Guardian 2: Oh, wait, wait, I thought of a better one. [Replaces the equation with one that says "2+2"]
Guardian 1: Yes! Two plus two. Solve it or die.
Finn: Uhh. Four, right?
Guardian 1: Oh, correct.
Finn: What's happening, Princess?
Princess Bubblegum: You've defeated the broken royal promise! The Gumball Guardians are resetting!
Finn: Slamacow! That was tops! Who's not good at math? I was all "Four!"
Princess Bubblegum: Four, four... Four, four, four... That's it! The answer was so simple, I was too smart to see it!
Finn: You're welcome!
Princess Bubblegum: '4' is the last figure I need to perfect my decorpsinator serum.
Revived Zombie: Golly!
Finn: Woohoo! Yeah!
Jake: This is messed up, but sweet.
Lady Rainicorn: jinjjaro. ("Truly it is.")
Candy Person 1: Uncle Chewy!
Candy Person 2: Grandma!
Ice Cream Lady: Former dead relative!
Jake: Starchie!
Starchie: Mornin'.
Jake: [Walks over to Finn] Man, you broke a Royal Promise? You're nuts. All you had to do is say that it was a royal secret. I know what's up. [Walks away from Finn.]
Princess Bubblegum: I hope you grasp the full consequences of breaking promises.
Finn: Heck yeah! If I break a Royal Promise, I get to fight zombies, throw slumber parties, awake Gumball Guardians and... and...
Princess Bubblegum: Alright, alright.
Finn: [evilly] And reverse death itself!
Princess Bubblegum: Oh, you are adorable. But keep your promises, okay?
Finn: I will, Princess.
Finn: Starchie, you're not a zombie.
Starchie: I can't help it. Flesh is delicious!
Finn: You're delicious!
Starchie:  Don't squeeze me! I'll fart!
