Wildberry Princess:  My arm!
Turtle Princess:  My face!
Skeleton Princess:  This happens sometimes...
Finn:  Wait... what?!
Lumpy Space Princess: Oh, my gosh! How many times do I have to tell you? Somebody broke into my house and stole my lumps!
Finn:  Peebo?
Princess Bubblegum:  [With tongue hanging out of mouth while trying to talk] Hey, someone stole half of my face.
Jake:  Eeeeeugh...
Finn:  Eh...okay, calm down...
Lumpy Space Princess:  How am I supposed to calm down?! A lumping thief is out there getting fresh with my lumps!
Jake:  Haha, gross.
Finn:  Whoa! Gals... we'll find this crazy freak and return all of your body parts!
Hot Dog Princess:  Thank you so much, Finn! [She tries to walk over to Finn on her two front legs] I should give you a kiss!
Finn:  It's... it's okay, Hot Dog Princess! We'll be right back.
Ice King:  I said, "I don't know!" I have nothing to do with this!
Jake:  Stop lying! We found your fingerprints at the crime scene!
Ice King:  [Believing him] What? Really?
Jake:  Uuh... no.
Ice King:  Oh, well...then...why would you say that?
Finn:  Ice King, we know you did it!
Ice King:  Finn, I'm as concerned as you are. There's some sicko out there... What if he comes after my princess?
Finn & Jake:  Your princess?
Ice King:  Yeah... let me introduce you to my new wife. [Ice King removes a cloak from a shadowed figure revealing a grotesque Frankenstein's monster-like mash-up of all the princesses, making Finn and Jake gasp.] Oh, wait...you mean I'm the guy stealing all the p-- Yeah, okay, I get it now.
Princess Monster Wife:  What happened to them, husband?
Ice King:  Hmmm... mmm aah! They're sleepy. They are our limp sleepy children! Come on wife, let's have a nice family meal.
Princess Monster Wife:  Okay.
Ice King:  Wife, you sit here. Isn't this nice?
Ice King:  Uh oh... I mean, that's good! [He copies her.] Oops! How fun! You're so fun!
Princess Monster Wife:  Hahahahaha!
Ice King:  Aww... marriage is fun!
Ice King:  See, when you wash and I dry, we get done faster! Then tomorrow night we switch!
Ice King:  Here, let me show you a trick, my darling. See, you let it soak and we'll wash it in the morning.
Ice King:  Enough chores... come along, dear. I want to show you something special...
Ice King:  Here it is. I hope you like it...
Princess Monster Wife:  Is there something wrong with me? The way I am...it's not normal... is it?
Ice King:  Oh... pretty baby wife. You're the most normal thing in my whole life. We're like two normal jelly beans sitting at the bottom of the jar, floating in a sea of olives, waiting for somebody to guess how many jelly beans are in the jar... which I mentioned.
Princess Monster Wife:  I don't think I understand...
Ice King:  Just look into my eyes and know that everything is okay.
Ice King:  Are you feeling normal yet? [Princess Monster Wife shrugs, and then giggles.] Okay. [Ice King's television shows a normal looking humanoid family sitting together.] See that? We're normal, just like the normal people are.
Princess Monster Wife:  Oh...
Jake:  Lady don't take my pizza....
Finn:  What's h-- Oww... [Looks at Princess Monster Wife]
Finn:  A mo-mo-mons-mo.....
Jake:  Finn? What's-- Are you saying Mama? Where'd you-- [Looks at Princess Monster Wife]
Princess Monster Wife:  Hi there!
Jake:  [Stutters] Monster!
Ice King:  Oh... don't mind the kids! It's just a phase!
Princess Monster Wife:  I need a glass of water.
Ice King:  Ooh, I'll go get--
Princess Monster Wife:  No, it's okay. I'll get it.
Princess Monster Wife:  You are not normal! You are a [Strikes water] monster!
Ice King:  [Entering kitchen] Hey, hey, hey....
Princess Monster Wife:  Monster! A monster!
Ice King:  What's going on in here? Nobody's a monster! All I see in this room is a young, kind-hearted, intelligent, hot-looking ice king, and his beautiful princess bride! That's you, sweetie...
Princess Monster Wife:  I don't feel beautiful. I feel like a freak!
Ice King:  I will prove to you that you are beautiful!
Ice King:  To me, my penguins! Gunter, Gunther, Gunder, Goonder, come on! Gunter, Goonthy, Gonter, Ginthy, follow!
Ice King:  Don't rearrange the chairs please. You're all gonna clap and cheer or I'm gonna smack your buns. [Princess Monster Wide walks out onto the runway wearing the outfit Ice King created for her as penguins clap.] Whoo! Yeah! ...
Finn:  If we look at her with these mirrors, her ugliness will have no effect on us.
Jake:  Where is she? Oh! I think she's right over...
Ice King:  Hey!
Ice King:  Baby, do you want to talk about it?
Princess Monster Wife:  You should just find another princess to marry. I'm unlovable!
Ice King:  Girl, I love you as much as all of the other princesses in the world combined!
Princess Monster Wife:  You don't really mean that...
Ice King:  I'll prove it! See, you have Elbow Princess's hips, and Dr. Princess's heart and intestines, Slime Princess's bottom... You have all my favorite parts of my favorite princesses!
Princess Monster Wife:  [Crying] I'm just a bunch of stolen parts?!
Ice King:  Oh, the parts don't matter. It's you that matters.
Princess Monster Wife:  But... who am I?
Ice King:  You're my wife! And I will always love my wife no matter what!
Princess Monster Wife:  You'd love me, even without these other princess's parts?
Ice King:  Sure, baby, even without all your fine lady parts. Now give us a hug.
Finn:  Hey, Ice King!
Jake:  Your wife's face can't make us faint anymore!
Ice King:  Don't listen to them babe; they're being negative! Run, my happiness! I'll distract them with ice magic!
Jake:  Ouch.
Finn:  Do you give up?!
Ice King:  Yes! I give up...
Jake:  Finally... let's get those princess parts back to the ladies.
Finn:  Yeah, mans. Wait... where'd your wife go?
Finn:  Huh?
Ice King:  Let me go! Let me go!
Princess Monster Wife's spirit:  Though my parts be scattered, I will always be your wife.
Ice King:  She... she... gave away all my stuff!
